Clarify what 'invisible' code means in literate.rst (#615)
idris-lang/Idris2: docs/source/reference/literate.rst

While Bird Style literate mode is useful, it does not lend itself well
to more modern markdown-like notations such as Org-Mode and CommonMark.

> Idris2 also provides support for recognising both 'visible' and 'invisible' for the pretty-printer code blocks and lines in both CommonMark and OrgMode documents.

Reviewer: I would rather have something like

```suggestion
Idris2 also provides support for recognising both 'visible' and 'invisible'
code blocks and lines in both CommonMark and OrgMode documents.

'Visible' content will be kept in the pretty printer's output while
the 'invisible' blocks and lines will be removed.
```
